# A Bash cheat sheet.
https://devhints.io/bash

# Linux Journey Intro to linux systems.
https://linuxjourney.com/

# Top 20 git terminal commands.
https://dzone.com/articles/top-20-git-commands-with-examples

# Tripwire explanation and setup.
https://www.linuxjournal.com/article/8758

# Lynis explanation and setup.
https://cisofy.com/lynis/

# Hacker wiki for bash (few years old?)
https://wiki.bash-hackers.org/start

# list of 40 linux server hardening tips
https://www.cyberciti.biz/tips/linux-security.html

# use this guide to make a script to set 1920x1080p 60hz resolution
https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/227876/how-to-set-custom-resolution-using-xrandr-when-the-resolution-is-not-available-i

# Raspberry pi 4 intro for potential future home lab set-up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpJCAafw2qE

# Hmtl CSS JS JQ AMP and SEO cheatsheets site.
https://htmlcheatsheet.com/

# free forensics course
https://www.autopsy.com/support/training/covid-19-free-autopsy-training/

# Powershell scripting cheat sheet.
https://blogs.sans.org/pen-testing/files/2016/05/PowerShellCheatSheet_v41.pdf

# Some stuff on wireshark filters
https://wiki.wireshark.org/DisplayFilters
https://unit42.paloaltonetworks.com/unit42-customizing-wireshark-changing-column-display/

# web app to run and visualize a traceroute
https://stefansundin.github.io/traceroute-mapper/

# decently long list of cheat sheets for info sec
https://www.peerlyst.com/posts/the-complete-list-of-infosec-related-cheat-sheets-claus-cramon

# DNS record help
https://simpledns.plus/help/dns-record-types

# A nmap cheatsheet
https://www.stationx.net/nmap-cheat-sheet/

# Motherload of forensics and IR.
https://www.jaiminton.com/cheatsheet/DFIR/#

# How to store all terminal outputs
https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/200637/save-all-the-terminal-output-to-a-file

# Open ssl cheat sheet
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/openssl-command-cheatsheet-b441be1e8c4a/

# list of some beats for ELK stacks
https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/libbeat/current/getting-started.html

# gliffy app for making network diagrams
https://www.gliffy.com/examples/network-diagrams

# Load of coding tutorials
https://www.w3schools.com/default.asp

# Nice list of sql injections
https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/blob/master/SQL%20Injection/MySQL%20Injection.md

# upgrading dummy shells
https://blog.ropnop.com/upgrading-simple-shells-to-fully-interactive-ttys/

# some siem tools
https://www.em360tech.com/continuity/tech-features-featuredtech-news/siem-tools-top-10/

https://osintframework.com/

https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/Splunk/8.0.1/SearchReference/WhatsInThisManual
